Advertise your product or brand here
contact www.OpenSubtitles.org today
Michael, have
you really forgotten me?
Nothing makes sense
to me anymore. This face...
And now,
I'm talking to a car.
Michael is out there somewhere
living the life of a man,
who's been dead
for two years.
I'm gonna use you as bait.
And then
you're both gonna die.
KITT, I need you!
Michael, jump!
Knight Rider, a shadowy flight
into the dangerous world
of a man
who does not exist.
Michael Knight, a young loner
on a crusade to champion
the cause of the innocent,
the helpless, the powerless,
in a world of criminals
who operate above the law.
You're still tracking
the truck, Michael?
Not anymore, I'm chasing it.
With a little luck,
my Swamp Fox
technique will pay off.
What on earth is Swamp Fox?
The greatest tracker
of all time, KITT.
My childhood hero.
Please remember
it's the catching
that's the important part
of the chase.
Now keep me posted.
Swamp Fox. Really, Michael.
KITT, there's no sign
of him anywhere.
It's like he was
swallowed up by the dam.
I'm gonna check it out.
Can you hear me, buddy?
Michael, I'm having
trouble receiving you.
Something in the dam
is blocking transmission.
I suggest you use
extreme caution.
So that's it.
KITT, I've found it.
Checkout time is at 12:00.
Come on, we need these
rooms for a convention.
Okay, we're looking
at a mild concussion,
bruised ribs,
nothing broken.
You're lucky
you're in such good shape.
Are you a football player
or were you born this way?
Case. I'm workin' on a case.
Getty Caulfield.
Well, right now, you're
at the Hoff Medical Center.
And all you should be
working on is getting better.
Now what's your name?
Michael.
Michael Long.
L-O-N-G?
Yeah.
Ah.
I'm a police officer.
I gotta report in.
Oh!
At the moment, Officer Long,
the only ticket
you're gonna be writing
is the one on the nightstand
for your meals.
And I suggest you stay away
from the chicken surprise.
It'll only keep
you here longer.
The pretty girl
won't like that.
Pretty girl?
What pretty girl?
The brunette
who's been asking for you
ever since you checked in
last night.
I don't know anybody.
Brunette?
Well, let's not worry
about that now.
And I wouldn't worry about
Getty Caulfield, either.
He's been dead
for almost a year.
He's dead?
I read the papers.
Dr. Adler, wanted in surgery.
My face.
My God,
what happened
to my face?
Hey, what's the matter
with you?
What did you say?
We're here.
Comes to $12.95.
I told you to take me
to 1834 Shoreborne Ave.
Well, that's where
you are.
But there's supposed to be
an apartment building here.
My apartment building.
Look, buddy,
what's supposed to be here
is beyond my control.
Now, what about
the $12.95?
What?
Oh.
Ah.
Don't tell me.
"My wallet was
here a minute ago. "
Ah, forget it.
Wait a minute. Just take me
to the police station.
Eleventh precinct.
I work there.
Yeah, sure.
Hey! Wait a minute!
Michael, wait.
You talkin' to me?
Here, take this, please.
Who are you?
Do you know me?
If I did not have
such a wonderful self-image,
I would be crushed.
You'd think a man would be
a little more receptive
when the girl he was with
returns his stuff.
Call me, okay?
Wait, wait a minute! Wait!
Gone?
What do you mean,
"gone"?
This is a hospital,
not a high school.
You don't need a note
from your mother
to come and go.
He left AMA,
against medical advice.
Well, how was he
when you last saw him?
A little scattered
from the concussion,
but nothing serious.
Normal disorientation.
This chart states
his name is Michael Long.
In the absence of ID,
we usually take
a patient's word.
You'd be amazed
at some of the names we get.
Michael Long?
Devon,
what's happened to him?
With a head injury,
I'm afraid
some form of amnesia
may not be unlikely.
When we picked up KITT
at the police impound,
all he could give us was the ambulance
number to trace to the hospital.
He couldn't have known
this had happened to Michael.
We got to
find him fast.
He'd go where
Michael Long would've gone.
To his old apartment.
Or his precinct.
I'm afraid Michael
is out there somewhere
living the life of a man
who's been dead for two years.
Oh, that's, uh,
authorized personnel only.
Can I help you?
Are you subbin'
for Jerry?
Jerry?
Oh, you mean
Sgt. Brinkman. He's retired.
What can I do for you?
Retired?
What are you talkin' about?
Who are you anyway?
You've never worked
the desk before.
Look, if you've got a problem,
I'm here to help.
If not, I've got
a lot of work to do.
Hey! I'm not gonna
tell you again.
You don't go in there.
I've got business in there.
My name is Michael Long,
serial number 10509,
badge number 8043.
I don't know about you,
but I work here.
This is the wrong precinct
to try to pass yourself off
as Michael Long.
He was a good cop.
All the guys
took his death hard.
Devon Miles, please.
I've reprogrammed
KITT to seek Michael
and self-activate
if he finds him.
Good. Good.
Yes?
Are you sure?
See if you can keep him
there until we arrive.
Thank you, Officer.
Come on.
They've found him.
I don't want
any trouble.
I just want to get
some answers.
We don't want
any trouble either.
Let me buy you a cup of
coffee. We'll talk about it.
Don't play
good cop with me.
I know
all those games.
Now, come on,
fella, calm down.
Let go of me!
You okay?
Yeah.
Devon, April,
wait. I've located Michael.
Michael, Michael.
Michael, please. Stop.
It's me, KITT.
All right, out!
Hands away from your body.
This is not quite the
reunion I'd hoped for, Michael.
I said, get out of the car.
Michael, have
you really forgotten me?
Are you all right?
No.
No, I'm confused.
Nothing makes sense
to me anymore.
This face...
It's not my face.
My whole world
has disappeared.
And now,
I'm talking to a car.
I think I can explain
everything, Michael.
How do you know my name?
We're partners, you and I.
We're a team.
Please, let me help you.
Get in.
No, thanks.
As you pointed out,
I'm only a car.
Please. Trust me.
I've never seen
anything like this.
Hey, what's going on?
Let me out.
Let me out of here!
I'm sorry, Michael,
but I can't do that.
April's programmed me
specifically to help find you
and return you
to the Foundation.
Let me out!
I said, open the door!
Please forgive me.
Let me out of here!
Since we didn't have
any charge to hold him on...
Devon, can you hear me?
That's KITT. He's on
the police frequency.
I have Michael
and I'm returning him
to the Foundation.
Please rendezvous immediately.
What is this?
What are you trying
to tell me? I'm dead?
You were Michael Long.
You now have a new identity,
a new purpose.
You are now
Michael Knight.
Why would we go
to all this trouble
if we didn't care about you?
I don't know.
That's one of the things,
I'm trying to figure out here.
At the time
of the explosion,
you were working on
the Getty Caulfield case.
Do you remember that?
I remember the name.
What do you know
about Getty Caulfield?
He was a multimillionaire
industrialist.
At the time of his death,
$10 million worth
of his privately-owned Alidium
was stolen
in transit to
a government facility.
Alidium is an exotic alloy.
It's a vital catalyst
in the space program.
The authorities had
given up all hope of finding it.
They contacted the Foundation.
That's where you
became involved.
You'd found
the thief, remember?
You were tracking him.
You chased him
to Bedford Dam,
and then we lost
contact with you.
Michael,
please try to remember.
No, no, I am a cop.
Now, if I was looking
for this Alidium,
it was police business.
But, Michael...
I work alone, okay?
I want my gun back.
I'm afraid I can't
give it to you. Why not?
The gun is not
registered to you.
It's not legal for you
to carry a gun.
I can't let you leave here
and wander the streets alone
not knowing who you are.
Well, you can't stop me.
Devon,
what are we gonna do?
If we pressure him anymore,
we'll drive him even further away.
The only thing
we can be sure of
is that he won't be alone.
Michael. Michael.
Leave me alone.
I'm coming with you, Michael.
We're a team.
Not anymore,
we're not.
Beat it!
Get out of here!
I'd tell you to get
this through your head,
but you're a machine.
So run this through
your data processor.
Get lost!
I can't do that, Michael.
I'm programmed
to respond to your needs.
Despite your
being unaware of it,
you need me.
What if I don't want you?
I suppose I'll be quite hurt.
All right.
It's pretty hard to get around
without a set of wheels.
All right.
I drive from here on.
Absolutely.
Providing you'll
promise me one thing.
What?
Please do not refer to me
as a car
or a set of wheels.
It's most demeaning.
I'm the Knight Industries
Two Thousand.
You've always called me KITT.
All right, KITT.
Let's see what you can do.
What does this do?
Michael,
I don't think you...
Oh! Whoa!
You are hot!
Quite true, Michael.
Whoa!
Is something wrong?
You're acting
very strangely, Michael.
It's something I keep seeing
over and over again.
It doesn't make
any sense to me.
Fist.
My fist.
The shape of it.
Perhaps if we take
a closer look.
How did you do that?
Computer graphics.
It's one of my many
functions, Michael.
How about this?
I don't know.
You know,
it's a terrible feeling.
Every time I pass a mirror,
or see a reflection
in a window,
I see a stranger's face.
I wish I could help you
regain your memory,
especially your memory of me.
We have quite
a history together.
Yeah, well,
that's why we're going back
to the dam
to see
if it'll help me remember.
This place has been deserted
for eight years.
Why would the thief
have come out here?
My only
information on Bedford Dam
is that it's marked
for demolition.
Even its hydraulic works
were recently auctioned off.
KITT,
what was I doing out here?
Chasing the suspect,
Michael.
He ran up
that center lock.
Chasing him.
I was chasing him.
Michael, there's a man with
a gun on top of the dam.
Michael?
KITT, I need some help!
It's about time.
Why did he stop firing?
Quite possibly
because he's gone.
What do you mean?
He can't be gone.
It doesn't matter,
Michael.
He simply disappeared.
You out of your mind?
What are you
shootin' at out there?
That guy in the black car.
I told you we should've
checked the body.
What are you talkin' about?
He's not dead, Frank.
Well, that's too bad for him.
All that trouble
to stay alive,
and now he's gonna
have to die again.
I'm sorry, Michael,
but I'm not picking up
any human life
readings in this area.
What exactly do you expect
to find
in that wallet, Michael?
I don't know, KITT.
Hopefully something
to identify the girl
who gave it to me.
She's tied into this thing
one way or another.
If only I had a police lab,
I could run
an analysis on this thing.
We can do it
right here, Michael.
Uh...
No, thanks. I don't smoke.
It's not an ashtray.
It's a chemical analyzer.
With it, we can detect
any identifiable
qualities of the wallet.
You are a regular wonder
on wheels, aren't you?
I like to think so.
KITT.
You said you knew me
before the accident.
What was Michael Knight like?
Michael Knight
was bright, agile,
and often quite logical.
He was also stubborn,
impatient,
readily distracted
by pretty girls
and he listened to, possibly,
the most appalling music
to ever shatter my airwaves.
Sounds like my kind of guy.
Yes, that's what
I'm afraid of.
It's an extremely
high-grade leather
imprinted by a method
used only by
fashionable boutiques.
Fashionable boutiques, huh?
Leaves a lot of
ground to cover.
Under normal
circumstances, yes.
However,
this particular wallet
was purchased at
a shop called Caine's.
Caine's. I'm impressed.
I mean,
how does a chemical analyzer
identify a store?
It didn't.
There's a card inside.
Good work, KITT.
Oh, one other thing
about Michael Knight.
What's that?
I was extremely
fond of him.
Well, the girl who
bought the wallet
lives at 1735 Hollyway Lane,
apartment 305.
Her name is Cara.
Cara Caulfield,
as in Getty Caulfield.
Ah! Security system.
Should I say thanks?
If you do, I'll
say, "You're welcome. "
Thanks.
De nada.
Hello, Cara.
Michael, you're early.
Come in.
The lasagna won't be ready
for another half-hour
so I hope you're not
starving to death.
Why don't we go ahead
and open the wine?
Who are you?
Oh, look at that.
I don't have a corkscrew.
Be an angel.
Go to the liquor store
and get one for me, will you?
I don't know you.
And I've never been
here before,
and you're not
waiting for me.
So why don't you just tell me
what's going on
like why you handed me a gun
and a wallet full of money?
I was trying to help you,
that's all.
Isn't that enough?
Can't you just accept that
and leave?
No, it's not enough.
It's not nearly enough.
What's your relationship
with Getty Caulfield?
He was my grandfather.
Now please get out of here.
Why?
Are you expecting someone?
Are you?
Who's coming over?
Frank.
Who's Frank?
He's my boyfriend. Was.
I met Frank in college.
He told me
Grandpa was selling
the Alidium to the military.
He said it was wrong
to use it to hurt people.
He said he'd see to it
that it was used
for peaceful projects.
And the next thing I knew,
you'd been hurt,
almost killed,
and when I saw you
in the hospital so helpless...
So you brought me a gun
so I could protect
myself against Frank.
I want to tell
Frank that it's over.
That's what I'm going
to tell him when he gets here.
You've got to get out
of here. Please.
If he sees you here, he'll...
What?
He'll kill you.
Well, that's the chance
I got to take.
Because until I can
find him,
until I find out what happened
at the dam out there,
a very big piece
of my life is missing.
Help! Somebody,
help! Please, help!
KITT, I need you!
He does choose the
most precarious locations.
Michael, jump!
Cara must have
called the police, KITT.
I'm afraid so.
You in the black car,
come out with your hands up.
Does it always
get this heavy?
When we get a moment,
I'll tell you stories
that will stand
your hair on end.
Well, I think we lost them.
I'm afraid not.
We've merely left
them somewhat behind.
I never thought
I'd say this,
but this is one time
I'd like to see a couple
of black-and-whites disappear.
Would you settle
for us disappearing?
What have you got in mind?
Don't tell me. Magic.
Keep your eye on
the white handkerchief.
Welcome to
the Foundation's mobile unit.
Wow!
You guys don't
fool around, do you?
I hope. Are you
beginning to remember?
Well, you came here.
KITT brought me.
Well, I see.
I was hoping
you'd acted on your own.
Devon, before the explosion,
were we friends?
I'd like to think so.
I'm glad to hear that.
Oh. Michael,
this is a com-link.
You had one before,
but this one has
a boosted intake receptor.
With this,
you can talk to KITT
with less
structural interference.
We don't want
to lose you again.
I wish I could
remember you two.
I really do.
All right, KITT said the dam
was going to be demolished.
I'd like to know all
there is to know about it.
Like who bought
the hydraulic works?
We'll check it out
for you.
Seems to me
you're hooked up
to every computer
in the world here.
Think you could get me
some background information
on one guy
named Frank Poole?
Sure,
let's see what we've got.
Frank Poole,
a graduate student
in art at Reed College
for about 10 years
on and off.
He was a founder
of a radical political group
and he has
three arrests.
One for drugs,
and two for armed robbery.
He won't let her go.
He'll kill her.
Looks like you've chosen
sides, Cara.
You and your friend Knight
are the only loose ends left.
I'm gonna use you as bait.
You're going to
bring him to me.
And then
you're both gonna die.
Cara.
Michael, have you found her?
KITT?
Yes, Michael?
Uh, no.
She's gone.
Looks like she left
in a real big hurry.
Wait a minute.
Bingo!
Frank Poole was
an art student.
He's probably got a studio.
Can you get me
an address, KITT?
Say no more, Michael.
Looks like
it's remote control.
Can you do
your magic on this one, KITT?
With pleasure.
This place doesn't
look like an art studio.
It looks more like
an industrial accident.
We're not here
to critique the work.
Whatever happened to
the sensual lines
of Henry Moore
or the clean whimsy
of a Calder?
Michael, I ask you,
is nothing sacred?
It is grotesque
and absolutely humiliating.
I kind of like it.
Oh, really?
Michael, look out!
Thank you, Michael.
You've improved it
immensely.
I'll ask you only once.
Where's Frank Poole?
At the dam. But you
might as well forget it.
The girl's as good
as dead by now.
I got a hunch
that door is not gonna
stand in our way.
Michael, this is
beginning to sound like old times.
Michael, I pride myself
on never pointing out
the obvious
but I'm afraid
we're driving into a trap.
I'm not worried, KITT.
I have an edge.
A secret weapon.
Really? What is it?
You.
You know, I remember
getting inside
the dam somewhere.
There was an opening.
I'm sure of it.
Michael,
I wish I could read minds
but that's one power April
hasn't programmed me for.
It's your turn.
You must
remember what you did
when you got to
the other side of the dam.
Other side.
The other side.
I think that's it, KITT.
The door is on the other side.
I remember now.
Scan inside the dam
and see
if you can locate Cara.
Something is still
interfering with my infrared, Michael.
I can only create
an approximation
based on water
and air displacement.
Cara!
Cara, can you hear me?
Michael! Michael!
Cara!
Help!
You in there, Cara?
KITT!
I'm in the hydraulic room.
I can hear Cara.
Can you detect anything?
Negative, Michael.
The dam is catacombed.
That sound could
originate from anywhere.
I remember.
I remember now.
KITT. I remember now.
The gears are fake.
Frank made them
out of Alidium.
That's what's interfered
with reception, Michael.
Alidium.
According to
Devon's research,
the hydraulics have been
sold to the Middle East.
I bet that's how Frank
planned to get the Alidium
out of the country.
Some peaceful purpose!
KITT, I need you up here.
Where is she?
She's in a runoff pipe,
deep in one
of the lock towers.
Help yourself, man.
You'll never find her.
Don't you count on it.
KITT, you said you can pick
up any water displacement.
Scan the dam for
any sudden activity.
Michael, I've pinpointed it
in a small pipe section
above the aqueduct.
It's 15 feet in,
and it's filling with water.
KITT, Cara's in there.
We got to find a way
to break the pipe.
Can you use a laser?
It will take too long.
If we hit the outside wall,
wouldn't the impact
create a shock wave
big enough
to shatter the pipe inside
and let the water out?
It would if I could
find a weak spot
in the internal
wall structure,
but it's a long shot.
It's our only shot.
I read you loud
and clear, Michael.
I may have located
a weak spot, Michael.
Let's go for it.
Help! Help!
Michael!
It's okay. It's okay.
Here you go.
It's okay. Come on.
Come on.
Yeah. It's okay.
Good work, pal.
It's all right.
April, are you certain
you've packed
the correct release forms?
Positive, Devon.
Everything you'll need
is in here.
Good. But one
can't be too careful.
Especially if one
is responsible
for transferring the Alidium
to its rightful home.
Hi!
Just thought I'd come over
and say goodbye.
Goodbye?
Yeah, well,
you two can handle the trip.
And my memory
is still not intact.
I thought
I'd take a week or two
and try
and straighten it out.
Well, since you're still not
feeling up to par, of course.
Thanks.
I thought I'd go to the beach
and try out
some of my old
Swamp Fox techniques.
Tracking, you know? Have fun.
Devon, do you think
he'll ever fully
regain his memory?
It's hard to tell.
These things have a way of...
Swamp Fox!
What?
Why, that conniver!
Don't you see?
He's fully recovered.
He remembers everything.
He just wanted a vacation.
Welcome back, Michael.
I thought as a present
I'd play you
some of that appalling music
you like so much.
Thanks, buddy.
Come on,
let's shatter some airwaves.
You know, I've been thinking.
I could have April install
an electronic board in here
and she could hook it
up to your speakers.
Michael.
Yeah, KITT?
Don't press your luck.
Whatever you say, pal.
Whatever you say.
Support us and become VIP member
to remove all ads from www.OpenSubtitles.org